---
layout: default
title: Programme
language: english
slovenian-file: program
english-file: programme
---

h2. Program Outline

"Detailed programe":../datoteke/23rd-international-karstological-school-program.pdf

|_. |_. June 15. |_. June 16. |_. June 17. |_. June 18. |_. June 19. |_. June 20. |
| | MON | TUE | WED | THU | FRI | SAT |
| Morning | - Registration
 - Opening of event
*CAVE SCIENCE*
 - Key & invited lectures
 - Lectures of participants | - *OPEN EXPLORATION FRONTIERS; BIG CAVE SYSTEMS*
-Key & invited lectures
-Lectures of participants | *HISTORY OF CAVE EXPLORATION IN CENTRAL EUROPE - "ALCADI"*
-Key & invited lectures
-Lectures of participants | - Whole-day field trip to "Classical Karst" caves:
&#352;kocjanske jame, cave entrances to underground river Reka,
Grotta Gigante, springs of river Timava | *UIS DAY*
-Tourist visit of cave Postojnska jama 
-Key & invited lectures | - UIS Bureau meeting
 - Optional: free visits to "wild" caves with cavers  of JZS (Speleological Association of Slovenia) |
| Afternoon | - Lectures of participants
 - Poster session
 - Karst mysteries
 - Institute reception | - Field trip: Planinska jama cave, Rakov &#352;kocjan, Cerkni&#353;ko polje (entrance to cave Karlovice)  | - Field trip: Vilenica | | - Lectures of participants
 - UIS 50th Anniversary: celebration in the cave Postojnska jama
 - Banquet in front of the cave | - UIS Bureau meeting |

*Keynote lectures*
*Prof. Dr. Derek Ford*, Canada: The four state model of meteoric water cave genesis and its integration with models of the development of plan patterns of passages
*Andy Eavis*, UK: Explorations of big cave systems
*Acad. Prof. Dr. Andrej Kranjc*, Slovenia: "Classical Karst" exploration history
*Dr. Trevor Shaw*, UK: History of cave science 
*Prof. Dr. Arrigo Cigna*, Italy: UIS history

*Other*
Invited lectures
Thematic lectures
Poster presentations

*Detailed program will be available on website from 1 June 2015.*