---
layout: default
title: Technical information
language: english
slovenian-file: tehnicne_informacije
english-file: technical_information
---

h2. Technical & Registration Information

The official languages of the School are English and Slovenian.

The regular registration fee *for the whole week (15 - 19 June) is 150 EUR*. The registration *fee for young students is 50 EUR* (confirmation required; under 30 years of age).
Registration for the School includes: printed materials, excursions, organized tourist visit of cave Postojnska jama, refreshments during coffee breaks, attendance at the reception at the Karst Research Institute, celebration of the UIS 50th Anniversary in the cave, and the banquet. 

The registration fee *only for the UIS Day Celebration (Friday, 19 June) is 50 EUR* and includes printed material, an organized tourist visit of the cave Postojnska jama, lectures, UIS 50th Anniversary activities in the cave, and the banquet. On Saturday, 20 June, free visits to selected "wild" caves will be available, guided by cavers from local speleological clubs - members of Speleological Association of Slovenia.

Registration is possible "only online":http://iks.zrc-sazu.si/en/registration.html and will be open from *15 December 2014* until *15 May 2015 for School* and until *1 June 2015 for UIS day*.

**Please register yourself, even if you are invited lecturer or one of the organizers, to ensure you get a BADGE!**

According to the *limited place* in the Cultural Centre and in the cave, please sign up as soon as possible, because *when capacity will be full, we will close registration!*

Abstracts in English are submitted at the registration. Participants should indicate the preferred type of presentation (oral/poster), but the final decision will be made by the organizers. Abstracts will be published together with the Program and Guidebook. Selected presentations may be published in the journal "Acta Carsologica":http://carsologica.zrc-sazu.si/.


*The fee must be paid no later than 15 May 2015 for the School* and *by 1 June 2015 for UIS Day!*
Because of high bank wire transfer fees, if you are coming as part of a group, we suggest paying once for the group, but please specify the individuals covered by the payment:

div(bank). 
  IBAN:   SI56 01100 6030347346
  SWIFT:  BSLJSI2X 
  Reference: 41139 - 23
  Our address: ZRC SAZU, Novi trg 2, 1000 Ljubljana
  Bank address: BANKA SLOVENIJE, Slovenska cesta 35, SI-1000 Ljubljana, Slovenia

*If you have any problems with payment, please contact us by e-mail:* "iks@zrc-sazu.si":mailto:iks@zrc-sazu.si


NOTE: 
No School materials and admission to excursions, reception, celebration, or banquet will be available without your official registration BADGE!!!
