---
layout: default
title: Topic and Goals
language: english
slovenian-file: namen_in_cilji
english-file: topic_and_objectives
---

h2. Topic and Goals

The International Karstological School "Classical Karst" has been conducted annually since 1993. Different aspects of karst studies are presented each year. The basic objectives are to present the state-of-the-art in the selected topic, and encourage discussions related to the school's topic through lectures, poster presentations and field trips in the Classical Karst of Slovenia.

The first days of the 23<sup>rd</sup> Karstological School will be devoted to the exploration and scientific study of caves. Caves play an important role in human history. They were used as shelters and dwellings by early people; they were places of anxiety, mystery, religion, fear, curiosity, adventure, and also knowledge. People have explored caves for thousands of years, but the first systematic exploration and realistic descriptions are from the 17<sup>th</sup> Century. In the 19<sup>th</sup> Century, when many of the natural sciences were forming, cave exploration by individuals and caving societies laid the foundations of speleology as we understand it today - where cave exploration, mapping and science work hand-in-hand for new, better, understanding of caves.
 
Last day of the School (Friday) will be dedicated to the 50<sup>th</sup> Anniversary of International Union of Speleology - UIS. UIS was established during the 4<sup>th</sup> International Congress of Speleology, which was held in Ljubljana and Postojna in 1965. The UIS was officially founded during the Closing Ceremony of the Congress on September 16<sup>th</sup> in Ljubljana.
 
We invite all speleologists, karstologists, experts and young scientists, students, cavers and all persons attracted by caves and karst to participate at this School.


**The topics of this year's School are:**
* Cave science
* Open exploration frontiers; big cave systems
* History of cave exploration in Central Europe - "ALCADI"
* History of the International Union of Speleology and the future of speleology
* Other topics related to caves and karst 